and then we can now write simple r 1 r 2
i'm open a bracket again cos theta1
theta2 plus i sine eat the 180 people to
which takes the form s the polar form
here take the form of the polar equation
over here okay so we're just comparing
this with this notice again that this is
maybe 21 we square is you square this is
maybe 21 so that means the magnitude is
now over here it means the magnitude all
of the modulus of these numbers
multiplied together is r1 r2 and the
argument is going to be the one over
here either one and a little too just
like we have done using Euler's formula
but this case we're using trigonometry I
get this in particular edition formally
okay now i just know the less light on
this to the logarithm if that's a way
that can help you out is a nebulous to
the logarithm over here which is yeah
sorry okay yeah well why not no X or Y
and then this one is equal to this
really is also equal to argument of Z
and I with argument of W it just write
the complete no one over here okay and
then we have it proving the results
without using Euler's formula quite
interesting and is there anything worth
noting yes this one is equals to r 1 r 2
similarly you can try it out this one
yourself which is equals to r 1 pick
away are to you just substitute the idea
the identity that we've used previously
is that it goes like their conjugate z
square okay so basically i'm not going
to do the whole thing you can go try it
out the r2 will be come over here at the
bar
over like that and then because of the
conjugate this one is going to be a
minus here something is going to be a
minus here that means when we go here
you go baby go from here to here it
becomes a minus like that it had
procured here and computer here I side
so this becomes a plus I times I becomes
negative they times x minus you get plus
and just do it accordingly you should
get this one over here argument Z equals
2 theta 1 nikkor 18-200 you 1 z KQ a
hard one okay and that is the result
showing this relationship this results
without using Euler's formula and they
have some mathematical rigor we shall
continue for the next section thanks